** Ibis README **

Ibis is an open source Java grid software project of the Computer
Systems group of the Computer Science department of the Faculty of
Sciences at the Vrije Universiteit, Amsterdam, The Netherlands.  The
main goal of the Ibis project is to create an efficient Java-based
platform for grid computing.

This Ibis distribution contains the Ibis communication library (defined
by the Ibis Portability Layer (IPL)) and several implementations of this
IPL. Some example applications are provided in the "examples"
directory.

Ibis is free software. See the file "LICENSE.txt" for copying permissions.

See the file INSTALL.txt for a description of how to install ibis.

The users's guide in the docs directory ("docs/usersguide.pdf") explains
how to compile and run your Ibis application.

The programmer's manual ("docs/progman.pdf") contains a detailed
description of the Ibis Application Programmer's interface (API),
illustrated with example code fragments.

The javadoc of Ibis is available in "javadoc/index.html".

Ibis has its own web-site: http://www.cs.vu.nl/ibis/.  There, you can
find more Ibis documentation, papers, application sources.

The latest Ibis source repository tree is accessible through SVN at
"https://gforge.cs.vu.nl/svn/ibis/ibis/trunk".  You need an account on
https://gforge.cs.vu.nl/ to access the repositories there. You can
create an account by clicking the 'New Account' button on the
https://gforge.cs.vu.nl/ page.

The file BUGS.txt contains information for filing bug reports.

There is some dispute about the pronounciation of the word "Ibis". The
file "docs/rob.mp3" shows how one of the Ibis designers feels about this
issue.

** Third party libraries included with Ibis **

This product includes software developed by the Apache Software
Foundation (http://www.apache.org/).

The BCEL copyright notice lives in "notices/LICENSE.bcel.txt".  The
Log4J copyright notice lives in "notices/LICENSE.log4j.txt".  The
Commons copyright notice lives in notices/LICENSE.apache-2.0.txt".

This product includes jstun, which is distributed with a dual license,
one of which is version 2.0 of the Apache license. It lives in
"notices/LICENSE.apache-2.0.txt".

This product includes the UPNP library from SuperBonBon Industries. Its
license lives in "notices/LICENSE.apache-2.0.txt".

This product includes the trilead SSH-2 library. Its license
lives in "notices/LICENSE.trilead.txt".

This product includes software developed by TouchGraph LLC
(http://www.touchgraph.com/). Its license lives in
"notices/LICENSE.TG.txt".
